#1
When the time of incarnation came, the sky was covered with rain bearing clouds. It shone very similar to the Bhagwan's blue colour skin which was emanating radiance all over.

#2
While the rain cooled the earth, moon emerging out and shining at midnight, virtuous people feeling joyous that their wishes are going to get fulfilled, Bhagwan who is remover of sorrows in all the three worlds, incarnated on earth as Sri Krishna!

#3
At the time of birth as a child, Bhagwan Krishna was fully decked with sparkling crown, necklaces along with his conch, discus, lotus, mace.

#4
Bhagwan’s blue coloured chest was bearing Mahalakshmi brightening the entire room of the prison cell and sanctified it clearing all the evils and negative vibrations due to Kamsa.

#5
Vasudeva on seeing Bhagwan, his eyes were full of tearful joys and entire body got goosebumps. With his throat choking with overwhelming joy, in a melting voice, Vasudeva sang in praise of Bhagwan.

#6
Vasudeva sang in praise of Bhagwan for a very long time. He requested Bhagwan to remove all his sorrows and sufferings with his side glances overflowing with compassion.

#7
Devaki's thin body soaked with joyful tears praying to Bhagwan. At that time, Bhagwan, the merciful, reminded them of their previous two births. As per mother's request, then Bhagwan took the form of a human infant

#8
Bhagwan instructed Vasudeva, son of Soorasena, to carry the infant and exchange it with Yogamaaya, the daughter of Nandagopan. On holding Bhagwan, Vasudeva's hands looked like an attractive young swan perched on a lotus.

#9
Yoga-Maayaa, who was born in the house of Nandagopa, caused all the people to fall into deep sleep. And the locked doors of the prison opened by themselves for Vasudeva to carry Bhagwan.

#10
Vasudeva who was so fortunate to have become father of Bhagwan, carried him to Gokulam. Adiseshan spread the hoods over the child, protecting and preventing from rains and illuminated the path with the light comiing from its gems on the hoods.

Bhattathiiri requested Bhagwan Guruvayoorappan of such glory to cure him of his ailments.